=pod

=head1 NAME

Starch::Store::Catalyst::Plugin::Session - Starch storage backend using
Catalyst::Plugin::Session stores.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $starch = Starch->new(
        store => {
            class => '::Catalyst::Plugin::Session',
            store_class => 'Catalyst::Plugin::Session::Store::File',
            session_config => {
                storage => '/tmp/session',
            },
        },
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Starch> store uses L<Catalyst::Plugin::Session> stores
to set and get state data.

The reason this module exists is to make the migration from
the Catalyst session plugin to Starch as painless as possible.

=head1 REQUIRED ARGUMENTS

=head2 store_class

The full class name for the L<Catalyst::Plugin::Session::Store> you
wish to use.

=head1 OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS

=head2 session_config

The configuration of the session plugin.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 store

This is the L<Catalyst::Plugin::Session::Store> object built from the
L</store_class> and with a fake Catalyst superclass to make everything
work.

=head2 set

Set L<Starch::Store/set>.  Calls C<store_session_data> on L</store>.

=head2 get

Set L<Starch::Store/get>.  Calls C<get_session_data> on L</store>.

=head2 remove

Set L<Starch::Store/remove>.  Calls C<delete_session_data> on L</store>.

=head1 SUPPORT

Please submit bugs and feature requests to the
Starch-Store-Catalyst-Plugin-Session GitHub issue tracker:

L<https://github.com/bluefeet/Starch-Store-Calatlyst-Plugin-Session/issues>

=head1 AUTHOR

Aran Clary Deltac <bluefeetE<64>gmail.com>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks to L<ZipRecruiter|https://www.ziprecruiter.com/>
for encouraging their employees to contribute back to the open
source ecosystem.  Without their dedication to quality software
development this distribution would not exist.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
